Know we're going to apply some under sampling techniques.
We'll start by locating a word for lunch on such an index as you know word that wasn't
will also be interested in counting how many fold the lead indexes up.
Now we will do the same for the non fraudulent transactions.
Everything will be the same except for the class that we will be searching
now from then non fraudulent indexes will just select random sample matching the same amount of fraudulent
transactions that we show up.
We also need to charge for adults to buy like
now to verify.
We'll check the length of the you know fraudulent transactions select the oh we just create your rating
with all the indexes of de-lurked and John suctions just bike and 18 holes in that is
DuBose you will check these lens and tell you you are right.
Now that we help this select that in the Access forum there's something we just select the corresponding
Rowse
will do the same as before just to split our data into x and y by Apples
Contini We'll also split tower data into trying on test data sets.
Now we're just just swarming everything once more to buy a device
with just verify that our model remains unchanged.
We can do that with some ID function say must before
K in my chest and we'll also be copying the training code.
OK.
Now you can see that this time it runs faster.
It costs less to train than before we trained with the entire data set.
Now only with the under some sampled information.
Now it's time to plot out a future matrix to understand how we can perform
notice.
Now we help a lot of less information available in our Confucian matrix but that's because we come under
some sambal our data.
It would be interesting to understand how will this perform on the entire data set.
And that's what we're doing now.
So what we're.
But still there's a long way to go.